README.md, before:

# Cheating Sheet of Intro. to Computers and Programming

## English Version

### Overview
This repository contains a comprehensive final review cheating sheet for the course "Introduction to Computation with Python Programming". The document is written in LaTeX and covers essential topics from Linux commands to advanced Python concepts, designed to help students prepare for exams efficiently.

### Key Topics Covered
- Linux & Python Common Commands
- Basic Python Types and Operations
- Variables and Assignments
- Conditional Branching
- Loops
- Functions
- Built-in Functions
- Lists, Tuples, Dictionaries, Sets
- Strings
- Object-Oriented Programming (Classes)
- Modules
- Exceptions and Assertions
- Random Module
- File Operations
- Iterators and Unpacking
- Structural Pattern Matching
- Generators
- Advanced Function Features

### How to Use
1. **Compile the LaTeX File**: Use a LaTeX compiler like pdflatex or XeLaTeX (recommended for Chinese support) to generate the PDF.
   ```
   xelatex cheating_sheet.tex
   ```
2. **Dependencies**: Ensure you have packages like `ctex`, `geometry`, `amsmath`, etc., installed via TeX Live or MiKTeX.
3. **View PDF**: Open the generated `cheating_sheet.pdf` for the formatted review notes.

### Author
- Author: Li Jinshuo
- Date: Generated on the current date (as per the document)

### License
This content is for educational purposes only. Feel free to use and modify for personal study.

---

## 中文版本

### 概述
这个仓库包含了“计算导论与 Python 编程”课程的期末复习小抄（Cheating Sheet）。文档使用 LaTeX 编写，涵盖从 Linux 命令到高级 Python 概念的核心内容，帮助学生高效备考。

### 主要内容概述
- Linux 及 Python 常用命令
- Python 基本类型与运算
- 变元与赋值语句
- 条件分支
- 循环结构
- 函数
- 常用内置函数
- 列表、元组、字典、集合
- 字符串
- 面向对象编程（类）
- 模块
- 异常处理与断言
- Random 随机数模块
- 文件操作
- 迭代器与解包
- 结构化模式匹配
- 生成器
- 函数高级特性

### 使用方法
1. **编译 LaTeX 文件**：使用 LaTeX 编译器如 pdflatex 或 XeLaTeX（推荐用于中文支持）生成 PDF。
   ```
   xelatex cheating_sheet.tex
   ```
2. **依赖包**：确保安装了 `ctex`、`geometry`、`amsmath` 等包，通过 TeX Live 或 MiKTeX。
3. **查看 PDF**：打开生成的 `cheating_sheet.pdf` 文件查看格式化的复习笔记。

### 作者
- 作者：Li Jinshuo
- 日期：文档中为当前日期

### 许可
本内容仅供教育用途。欢迎用于个人学习和修改。

Commit message:

Enhance README with course link and acknowledgments
Added a link to the course page and acknowledgments.

README.md, after:

# Cheating Sheet of Intro. to Computers and Programming

## English Version

### Overview
This repository contains a comprehensive final review cheating sheet for the course "Introduction to Computation with Python Programming". The document is written in LaTeX and covers essential topics from Linux commands to advanced Python concepts, designed to help students prepare for exams efficiently.

If you would like to learn more about this course, please visit via this link:[CS1602: Introduction to Computation](https://github.com/ichengfan/itc)

Many thanks to Professor Cheng Fan and Professor Fu Hongfei for their teaching.

### Key Topics Covered
- Linux & Python Common Commands
- Basic Python Types and Operations
- Variables and Assignments
- Conditional Branching
- Loops
- Functions
- Built-in Functions
- Lists, Tuples, Dictionaries, Sets
- Strings
- Object-Oriented Programming (Classes)
- Modules
- Exceptions and Assertions
- Random Module
- File Operations
- Iterators and Unpacking
- Structural Pattern Matching
- Generators
- Advanced Function Features

### How to Use
1. **Compile the LaTeX File**: Use a LaTeX compiler like pdflatex or XeLaTeX (recommended for Chinese support) to generate the PDF.
   ```
   xelatex cheating_sheet.tex
   ```
2. **Dependencies**: Ensure you have packages like `ctex`, `geometry`, `amsmath`, etc., installed via TeX Live or MiKTeX.
3. **View PDF**: Open the generated `cheating_sheet.pdf` for the formatted review notes.

### Author
- Author: Li Jinshuo
- Date: Generated on the current date (as per the document)

### License
This content is for educational purposes only. Feel free to use and modify for personal study.

---

## 中文版本

### 概述
这个仓库包含了“计算导论与 Python 编程”课程的期末复习小抄（Cheating Sheet）。文档使用 LaTeX 编写，涵盖从 Linux 命令到高级 Python 概念的核心内容，帮助学生高效备考。

### 主要内容概述
- Linux 及 Python 常用命令
- Python 基本类型与运算
- 变元与赋值语句
- 条件分支
- 循环结构
- 函数
- 常用内置函数
- 列表、元组、字典、集合
- 字符串
- 面向对象编程（类）
- 模块
- 异常处理与断言
- Random 随机数模块
- 文件操作
- 迭代器与解包
- 结构化模式匹配
- 生成器
- 函数高级特性

### 使用方法
1. **编译 LaTeX 文件**：使用 LaTeX 编译器如 pdflatex 或 XeLaTeX（推荐用于中文支持）生成 PDF。
   ```
   xelatex cheating_sheet.tex
   ```
2. **依赖包**：确保安装了 `ctex`、`geometry`、`amsmath` 等包，通过 TeX Live 或 MiKTeX。
3. **查看 PDF**：打开生成的 `cheating_sheet.pdf` 文件查看格式化的复习笔记。

### 作者
- 作者：Li Jinshuo
- 日期：文档中为当前日期

### 许可
本内容仅供教育用途。欢迎用于个人学习和修改。
